README.md, before:

Backchart
======

Backchart is a lightweight JavaScript library based on Backbone and many chart libraries(current just support CanvasJS)
This project support AMD&COMMONJS standard and the aim of this project is make a MVC wrapper for char library and render it easily.

##Install
If you async loading your modules by AMD or CommonJS ,please copy all js files in *dist* directory but not *browser* directory to your library location.
Otherwise, please copy all js files in *browser* directory to your target.

##Import
###AMD (require.js)
*Add package configure in your `path` config, exmaple(load CanvasJS):*
```javascript
	require.config({
		path :{
			backbone : "you/backbone/path",
        	underscore : "you/underscore/path",

			//import the chart library you want to use.
        	CanvasJS : "../libs/charts/canvasjs/canvasjs",

			//import the backchart to support your chart library
			"backchart" : "backchart.canvasjs"
		  	//...code...
		}
		//...code...
	});
```
*Require the package and Backchart library script your want to use.*
```javascript:
	require(["backchart"], function(){
        require(["backchart.canvasjs"],function(backchart){
			var _model = backchart.model,
				_collection = backchart.collection,
				_view = backchart.view;
			//...write codes...
		});
	});
```

###Browser
*Add Backchart base scripts and Backchart library script your want to use.*
```html
   <!-- Import backbone -->
   <script type="text/javascript" src="underscore.min.js"></script>
   <script type="text/javascript" src="backbone.min.js"></script>

   <!-- Import CanvasJS and Backchart support -->
   <script type="text/javascript" src="canvasjs.min.js"></script>
   <script type="text/javascript" src="browser/backchart.canvasjs.js"></script>
```
*The global namespace which named `backchart` will be created if load script succeed.*
```javascript
   //Get MVC object
   (function(window){
		var _model = backchart.canvasjs.model,
			_collection = backchart.canvasjs.collection,
			_view = backchart.canvasjs.view;

		//...write codes...
   })(window);
```
## Documentation
[http://www.jonecasper.com/backchart/index.html](http://www.jonecasper.com/backchart/index.html "Documentation").

## Examples
[http://www.jonecasper.com/backchart/index.html](http://www.jonecasper.com/backchart/index.html "Documentation").

## Compiling JavaScript

## Release History
0.1.0 Released

Commit message:

Rewrite all comments to make it up to the jsdoc standard

README.md, after:

Backchart
======

Backchart is a lightweight JavaScript library based on Backbone and many chart libraries(current just support CanvasJS)
This project support AMD&COMMONJS standard and the aim of this project is make a MVC wrapper for char library and render it easily.

##Install
If you async loading your modules by AMD or CommonJS ,please copy all js files in *dist* directory but not *browser* directory to your library location.
Otherwise, please copy all js files in *browser* directory to your target.

##Import
###AMD (require.js)
*Add package configure in your `path` config, exmaple(load CanvasJS):*
```javascript
	require.config({
		path :{
			backbone : "you/backbone/path",
        	underscore : "you/underscore/path",

			//import the chart library you want to use.
        	CanvasJS : "../libs/charts/canvasjs/canvasjs",

			//import the backchart to support your chart library
			"backchart" : "backchart.canvasjs"
		  	//...code...
		}
		//...code...
	});
```
*Require the package and Backchart library script your want to use.*
```javascript:
	require(["backchart"], function(){
        require(["backchart.canvasjs"],function(backchart){
			var _model = backchart.model,
				_collection = backchart.collection,
				_view = backchart.view;
			//...write codes...
		});
	});
```

###Browser
*Add Backchart base scripts and Backchart library script your want to use.*
```html
   <!-- Import backbone -->
   <script type="text/javascript" src="underscore.min.js"></script>
   <script type="text/javascript" src="backbone.min.js"></script>

   <!-- Import CanvasJS and Backchart support -->
   <script type="text/javascript" src="canvasjs.min.js"></script>
   <script type="text/javascript" src="browser/backchart.canvasjs.js"></script>
```
*The global namespace which named `backchart` will be created if load script succeed.*
```javascript
   //Get MVC object
   (function(window){
		var _model = backchart.canvasjs.model,
			_collection = backchart.canvasjs.collection,
			_view = backchart.canvasjs.view;

		//...write codes...
   })(window);
```
## Documentation
[http://www.jonecasper.com/backchart/index.html](http://www.jonecasper.com/backchart/index.html "Documentation").

## Examples
[http://www.jonecasper.com/backchart/index.html](http://www.jonecasper.com/backchart/index.html "Documentation").

## Compiling JavaScript
### Install Grunt
From the command line:

1. Install `grunt-cli` globally with `npm install -g grunt-cli`.
2. Navigate to the root directory, then run `npm install`. npm will look at [package.json](https://github.com/todc/todc-bootstrap/blob/master/package.json) and automatically install the necessary local dependencies listed there.

When completed, you'll be able to run the various Grunt commands provided from the command line.

**Unfamiliar with `npm`? Don't have node installed?** That's a-okay. npm stands for [node packaged modules](http://npmjs.org/) and is a way to manage development dependencies through node.js. [Download and install node.js](http://nodejs.org/download/) before proceeding.

#### Build - `grunt`
Run `grunt` to run tests locally and compile the JavaScript into `/dist`.

#### Build JSDoc - `jsdoc`
Run `jsdoc * ../README.md -d ../docs/jsdoc/` in `/src` directory, the API document will be find in the `docs/jsdoc` directory

## Release History
0.1.0 Released
